I wait until the last minute to do everything.
I know what has to be done, but I say,
oh, just do it after I finish six,
or just do it after I finish watching this program on TV.
Sometimes if I try to start early on an assignment,
I don't have the motivation to get it done.
I think mainly the big one for me is TV.
Before you watch it, you can be watching pointless reality TV thing
and it takes up so much of your time.
And then you think after it, you think that wasn't even very good.
Many people don't like to rely on a person who is a procrastinator
because they know that they're going to wait to the last second
to do something, and they may not even do it right.
I find that procrastinating does affect my stress levels.
I've actually got a bit of excellent from it
because it brings it out in my skin because I get so stressed.
In the past, I've worked on assignments,
and I've started early on them,
and I've started late on other assignments,
and the assignments that I've spent more time
taking the time to start on it early,
I've done so much better on it.
It's definitely much better to be organized, I think,
because in the long run, you get so many more things done,
and then maybe the end of the year or the end of the week
or something, you can look back and think,
I've accomplished so much.